fix: add to cart button is smaller when loading (#511)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

- PayPal area in the quick checkout dialog and guest login is only displayed if PayPal is connected.
- Registration without cloudflare turnstile configuration is now possible.
- Fixed item image size in recommended product slider.

> - Changed add to cart button to take full height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed layout shift on add to cart button.
```
